    
    3.1 Functional Requirements

    Play Game: The user can enter the play mode of the game. Once the Play button is pressed the user will be directed
    to the next screen where he will see three boxes occupying the screen corresponding to three types of games being:
    the games that have maps 6x6, 8x8 and 10x10. The user can select any of these boxes to make the choice of the game
    mode that he will be playing next.   Once a mode is selected the user will have a list of maps whose configuration
    he can try to solve with a timer or in pure unlimited time. All the games in this list will be one of the three
    types of difficulties easy, medium or hard. The user will have to face restrictions here since he cannot access the
    medium nor the hard levels without fist completing the easy ones. 
    Main purpose will be to solve the puzzles so that the user unlocks more of them and gets higher stars.
    Dashboard: The user can access his visual records formed based on his gaming patterns. He should  be able to use
    this to change skins of his car and get informed about different statistics of his gameplay. For example he can see
    How many stars he collected, how many percent he completed overall etc
    Settings: The user can manipulate several features of the game. He can toogle between timer on and off meaning that
    the game played is going to be either in a timed mode or with no time restrictions. He should be able to change the
    themes of the application as a whole, and he should be able to adjust to the volume of the sound system according to
    his wishes.
    Contact Developers: The users are going to be able to contact the developers of the game being the Royal Flush
    group. In this part the user should also be able to see credits information, or in other words, who took part in the
    project and what is the controbution to the project as a whole.
    How-to play: The user is going to be able to see some tutorial which will either be in the video format, sliding
    pictures or a pure map with a preset configuration which just shows its moves to the users.
